README.md, before:

# Ubuntu 14.04 (Trusty) Docker Container with Oracle's Java 8 SDK

This Dockerfile will create a basic container with Ubuntu 14.04 (Trusty) and installs Oracle's Java 8 SDK into it.

To install Oracle's Java 8 SDK, it will use the webupd8team Debian ppa.

## How to use?

Clone this repository and simply type:

```
$ docker build -t ubuntu-oracle-java8 .
```

If you prefer a different tag for your image, then simply replace `ubuntu-oracle-java8` with your preferred one.

## Prerequisites

You will have to have Docker installed on your local machine.

This Dockerfile should work with all Docker versions but I highly recommend to use the latest version for it.

## Image with Unlimited Strength JCE

By default the Oracle 8 JDK/JRE comes with limited strength encryption (JCE). To remove this limitation
you can download and install new policy files from Oracle's site. However, those files cannot be
included into this project.
In order to build an image with unlimted strength JCE you will have to do the following:

1. download the corresponding policy files from here: http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jce8-download-2133166.html
2. unzip the archive into this folder - this will create a folder called 'UnlimitedJCEPolicyJDK8'
3. build an image with the command:
```
$ docker build -t ubuntu-oracle-java8 -f Dockerfile.unlimitedJCE .
```
This will result in an image with unlimited strength encryption.

Commit message:

Added support for Ubuntu 16.04 Xenial

README.md, after:

# Ubuntu Docker Container with Oracle's Java 8 SDK

This Dockerfile will create a basic container with Ubuntu and installs Oracle's Java 8 SDK into it.

To install Oracle's Java 8 SDK, it will use the webupd8team Debian ppa.

This project contains two sub-folder - one for Ubuntu 14.04 Trusty and another for the latest Ubuntu 16.04 Xenial.

## How to use?

Clone this repository and simply type:

For an image based on Ubuntu 14.04 Trusty:
```
$ cd ubuntu14.04
$ docker build -t ubuntu-oracle-java8:14.04 .
```

For an image based on Ubuntu 16.04 Trusty:
```
$ cd ubuntu16.04
$ docker build -t ubuntu-oracle-java8:16.04 .
```

If you prefer a different tag for your image, then simply replace `ubuntu-oracle-java8:<tag>` with your preferred one.

## Prerequisites

You will have to have Docker installed on your local machine.

This Dockerfile may only work with Docker versoin 10.1 or higher!

## Image with Unlimited Strength JCE

By default the Oracle 8 JDK/JRE comes with limited strength encryption (JCE). To remove this limitation
you can download and install new policy files from Oracle's site. However, those files cannot be
included into this project.
In order to build an image with unlimted strength JCE you will have to do the following:

1. download the corresponding policy files from here: http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jce8-download-2133166.html
2. unzip the archive into this folder - this will create a folder called 'UnlimitedJCEPolicyJDK8'
3. build an image with the command:
```
$ docker build -t ubuntu-oracle-java8 -f Dockerfile.unlimitedJCE .
```
This will result in an image with unlimited strength encryption.
